Welcome back back to our super cool awesome Web site with this little little cute puppy.
Anyway I have a fun little exercise to make sure that we got the points that we covered in this section.
If this isn't your first rodeo as a web developer you might be thinking this is super easy Andre.
Can we get some advanced stuff.
And don't worry we still have lots and lots to cover but we really want to solidify these fundamentals
that we're learning because I want to realize that each video on this course is a little Lego block
that we build on top of each time each time getting a little bit more complex a little bit more advanced.
So hang in there.
Trust me things are going to get more and more interesting more and more advanced.
And by the end of the course everything's going to be tied together and it's all going to make sense.
So just hang in there but for now let's start off with a fun little exercise.
We have this little web site over here and I'll provide for you the files for this Web site and using
our new found knowledge in performance.
I wanted to do four things on try to minimize all text minimize some of the images which are absolutely
massive and you might want to add media queries.
Perhaps we don't need to download these images every single time.
And finally we also want to minimize the number of files.
So how can we do that.
I want you to also test it out as a real developer does in the chrome developer tools or whichever developer
tool your browser has my case.
I enjoy using Chrome so I'm going to open up the developer tools and end here in my web site.
I wanted to check out the network tap and this network tab has a little bit or few options that we can
use but just in case you're new to this if I refresh here you'll actually show me what's being downloaded.
We see that we have a document so that's the first time all file that's being downloaded.
That took 13 milliseconds.
It was only 200 and 19 bytes pretty small.
We downloaded some script files and also our nice puppy image.
And there's a similar response now within here.
I want you to look at a few options.
I'm going to clear this one is that most likely your users aren't going to be on superfast connections
so you can actually change this to something like slow 3G connection so that the network will be a little
bit slower.
Now keep in mind that browsers are constantly evolving.
So this might now look the same to you when you watch this video.
But they should still have these features somehow.
So was slow 3G connection.
You want to disable cache so that is if a browser automatically remembers this image that we've downloaded
sold be faster the next time I refresh but if I disable cache it's going to reinstalled or re download
these images all the time.
I can also change the view
and I can also filter things based on what I'm interested in.
But again for now if I do a refresh or I always like doing a hard to reload to make sure that everything
gets loaded you'll see that with a 3G network.
Things are moving a little bit slower quite slow actually.
So right away I noticed that this Web site if somebody is viewing it on really bad internet connection
on their mobile phone while there are going to be really really annoyed with me because everything is
just moving at a snail's pace.
But the cool thing is you see over here the waterfall and what the browser is doing.
We see that it's downloading right now the large background and the puppy JPAC and you see that it's
taken a lot of time and that the request is not a finished yet but so far it's been taking 32 seconds.
That's crazy.
You can see over here you can play around with this tool get a little bit more information about what
your Web site is doing.
But as you can see this is pretty terrible.
So I want to improve this using some of the settings that I've shown you.
Let's try and improve this simple web site so that this doesn't happen anymore.
All right I'll see in the next video shot by.